# Introduction
in this document we are learning the the basic variables and elements in C++ code by making a basic calculator, we will see how to prompt the use, store data the user enters, and how to basic arithmatic in C++ coding as well as printing back to the user. 
# Methodology
when we enter the main integer in our code, the main element of the coding document, we first assign our char varibale as op for operator, we will visit this later. we then assign our floats as num1 and num2 for the user to enter. Using our cin and cout functions we prompt the user to enter the 2 numbers. after that we then again use our cin and cout function to get the operator they want to use on the two numbers. after that he switch function comes into play so they based on what the user enters the computer knows which line of code to use. finally we get to use out cout function to print the result of the two numbers and ending the program
# Results
When we run our code, it executes just like we want it to, quickly and to the  point. It first asks the user for their two numbers, which operation they want it to perform, calculates the equation, and then displays the first two numbers and the result of the operation.
# conclusion
going forward I think my goals are the same as everyone else, broaden my knowledge not only on C++ but all of the other programming languages. It is vital to stay knowledgeable and upp to date on technology because it is so extensive and changing every day. trying out new coding projects and reading things not only on github but the internet in general and trying to implemetnt things you learn into your code is vital for you to further your coding career
